README.md, before:

# Goble

Goble is a [Stonehearth](http://stonehearth.net/) mod management commandline tool, modeled after other package managers such as npm and bower.

## Installation

Goble may be used as a standalone application or installed to make it more easily accessible. There are several ways to install Goble.

### Using Goble

Goble can install itself onto your system using the command `install` command with the `-self` option:

> $ shex install -self

or to a specific location:

> $ shex install -self /path/to/install/shex/in

If the path does not exist, it will be created. 

### Using Go

If you have Go install on your computer, you can use the `go get` command to 

> $ go get github.com/danielkrainas/shex

## Bugs and Feedback

If you see a bug or have a suggestion, feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/danielkrainas/shex/issues).

## License

[Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/UNLICENSE). This is a Public Domain work. 

[![Public Domain](https://licensebuttons.net/p/mark/1.0/88x31.png)](http://questioncopyright.org/promise)

> ["Make art not law"](http://questioncopyright.org/make_art_not_law_interview) -Nina Paley

Commit message:

update old goble references in readme

README.md, after:

# shex

shex is a [Stonehearth](http://stonehearth.net/) mod management commandline tool, modeled after other package managers such as npm and bower.

## Installation

shex may be used as a standalone application or installed to make it more easily accessible. There are several ways to install shex.

### Using shex

shex can install itself onto your system using the command `install` command with the `-self` option:

> $ shex install -self

or to a specific location:

> $ shex install -self /path/to/install/shex/in

If the path does not exist, it will be created. 

### Using Go

If you have Go install on your computer, you can use the `go get` command to 

> $ go get github.com/danielkrainas/shex

## Bugs and Feedback

If you see a bug or have a suggestion, feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/danielkrainas/shex/issues).

## License

[Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/UNLICENSE). This is a Public Domain work. 

[![Public Domain](https://licensebuttons.net/p/mark/1.0/88x31.png)](http://questioncopyright.org/promise)

> ["Make art not law"](http://questioncopyright.org/make_art_not_law_interview) -Nina Paley
